# Privacy Policy

Last updated: November 17, 2021

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information under this Privacy Policy.

# Interpretation and Definitions

## Interpretation

The words in which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or plural.

## Definitions

For this Privacy Policy:

-   **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Anti NSFW.

-   **Cookies** are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.

-   **Country** refers to North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany

-   **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

-   **Data** is any information that is provided directly or through a service provider which cannot be used to personally identify you. e.g. anonymous usage data.

-   **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

-   **Logging** refers to the process of recording certain types of information about the use of the Service. This information is never stored and is sent to You in a form that is only readily accessible to You.

-   **Bot** refers to a service built upon a service provider that performs a task on behalf of a user, for example, a bot that monitors a user's activity in a chat room or a text channel.

-   **Command** refers to a command or set of commands that a user can enter into a chat room or a text channel to perform a specific task.

-   **Service** refers to the Bot as well as the Website.

-   **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

-   **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

-   **Website** refers to Anti NSFW, accessible from [https://anti-nsfw.netlify.app/](https://anti-nsfw.netlify.app/)

-   **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or the Bot, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

# Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

## Types of Data Collected

### What we collect

While using Our Service, We may collect, but is not limited to, the following data:

-   Usage Data
-   Personal Data

### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Bot.

Usage Data may include information such as what commands you use and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Website or when You access the Website by or through a mobile device.

### Personal Data

We do not store any personal information about you, but we may log your interactions with the Bot. This information is used to determine how the Bot is being used and to prevent abuse of the Service.

### Tracking Technologies and Cookies

We use functional Cookies and similar to store certain information. The technologies We use may include:

-   **Cookies or Browser Cookies.** A cookie is a small file placed on Your Device. You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service. Unless you have adjusted Your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our Service may use Cookies.

Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on Your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close Your web browser. Learn more about cookies: [Use of Cookies by Free Privacy Policy](https://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/blog/sample-privacy-policy-template/#Use_Of_Cookies_And_Tracking).

We use both Session and Persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:

-   **Necessary / Essential Cookies**

    Type: Session Cookies

    Administered by: Us

    Purpose: These cookies are essential to provide You with services available through the Website and to enable You to use some of its features. Without these Cookies, the services that You have asked for cannot be provided, and We only use these Cookies to provide You with those services.

-   **Functionality Cookies**

    Type: Persistent Cookies

    Administered by: Us

    Purpose: These cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You use the Website, such as remembering your login details or language preference. The purpose of these cookies is to provide You with a more personal experience and to avoid You having to re-enter your preferences every time You use the Website.

For more information about the cookies we use and your choices regarding cookies, please visit our Cookies Policy or the Cookies section of our Privacy Policy.

The Bot only tracks what commands you use and how many times you use them, the website does not include any tracking technologies and does not collect any personal data.

## Use of Your Data

The Company may use Data for the following purposes:

-   **To provide and maintain our Service**, including to monitor the usage of our Bot.

-   **For other purposes**: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends and evaluating and improving our Bot and your experience.

We may share Your personal information in the following situations:

-   **With other users:** when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside.

-   **With Your consent**: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.

If You gave us explicit permission then we may log deleted messages that You sent if those have been deleted by the Bot. As already stated in the Privacy Policy for the definition of "Logging", this information is not stored and is sent to You in a form that is only readily accessible to You.

## Retention of Your Data

The Company will retain Your Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods.

The Company will not retain Personal Data for any longer than is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.

## Transfer of Your Data

Your information, including Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those from Your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and following this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

## Disclosure of Your Data

### Business Transactions

The company will never sell or rent Your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes or any other purposes.

### Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

### Other legal requirements

The Company may disclose Your Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

-   Comply with a legal obligation
-   Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
-   Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
-   Protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
-   Protect against legal liability

## Security of Your Data

The security of Your Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

# Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Data

The Service Providers We use may have access to Your Data. These third-party vendors collect, store, use, process and transfer information about Your activity on Our Service under their Privacy Policies.

## Usage, Performance and Miscellaneous

We may use third-party Service Providers to provide better improvement of our Service.

-   **Discord**

    Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at [https://discord.com/privacy](https://discord.com/privacy)

-   **Top.gg**

    Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at [https://top.gg/privacy](https://top.gg/privacy)

# Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Data, please Contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected information from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

# Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

# Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service before the change becomes effective and update the "Last Updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
